Meta:

This project uses Javascript/Jquery, HTML, and CSS. In addition, Firebase (Javascript API) is used to handle backend (code can be found in index.js). Furthermore, code for security rules is implemented on the server, but not uploaded here, for security reasons.

To access the live web app, follow this link: https://librarybookingsystem.firebaseapp.com

------------------------------------------------

This web app was initially created to replace Turner Fenton Secondary School's internal library resource booking system, which was severely outdated at the time I took this project upon myself (early 2019). The purpose of this application was to allow teachers to book/view various resource bookings netbook carts, computer labs, amongst other things.<br/><br/>Unfortunately however, bureaucracy from the Peel District School Board has intervened in allowing this project to be implemented in the school library's ecosystem. Still, attempting this project was incredibly educational. I learned to develop web apps backed by Google's Firebase for the backend, but also dealt with soft-eng related aspects such as projected user demands, security, etc. <br/><br/> Despite this project never being seen to fruition, I am extremely pleased with the final product, and would like to share it with the rest of the world. To play around with the web app, you must first log in. Feel free to use the following credentials: <br/><br/><strong>Email:</strong> anish.spamemail@gmail.com <br/> <strong>Password:</strong> testing <br/><br/>Note that I disabled features for creating new accounts, to prevent misuse of this demo/showcase and Firebase's free Blaze plan limitations. Once you are logged in however, I encourage you to play around with all features, in any way you like. Of course, all features/aspects of this website (including the entire website itself!) can be modified/taken down at any time without prior notice. Otherwise, Have fun!
